c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\Create.dll.config
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\Create.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\Create.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\obj\Debug\Create.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\obj\Debug\Create.pdb
C:\Users\Asus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Create\Create\obj\Debug\Create.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Create.dll.config
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Create.dll
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Create.pdb
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
F:\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
F:\sasd\Create\Create\obj\Debug\Create.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\sasd\Create\Create\obj\Debug\Create.dll
F:\sasd\Create\Create\obj\Debug\Create.pdb
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\obj\Debug\Create.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\obj\Debug\Create.pdb
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Create.dll.config
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Create.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Create.pdb
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\sasd\Create\Create\obj\Debug\Create.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Create.dll.config
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Create.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Create.pdb
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\obj\Debug\Create.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\obj\Debug\Create.dll
C:\Users\özlem\Desktop\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\obj\Debug\Create.pdb
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Create.dll.config
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Create.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Create.pdb
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\EntityFramework.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Owin.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\WebGrease.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\EntityFramework.xml
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\obj\Debug\Create.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\obj\Debug\Create.dll
G:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\obj\Debug\Create.pdb
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Create.dll.config
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Create.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Create.pdb
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\EntityFramework.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Owin.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\WebGrease.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\EntityFramework.xml
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\obj\Debug\Create.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\obj\Debug\Create.dll
H:\Masaüstü\Staj\sasd\Create\Create\obj\Debug\Create.pdb
